Orb user FAQ (#4525)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/orbs-faq.md

This document describes various questions and technical issues that you may find helpful when working with orbs.

## Private orbs

* **Question:** Can orbs be made private?

* **Answer:** Currently, all orbs published to the [Orb Registry]() are open source. Please subscribe to this feature request for updates: [Feature Request: private orbs](https://ideas.circleci.com/ideas/CCI-I-606)

## Difference between commands and jobs

* **Question:** What is the difference between commands and jobs?

> * **Answer:** Both [commands](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/reusing-config/#the-commands-key) and [jobs](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/reusing-config/#authoring-parameterized-jobs) are elements that can be used within orbs. _Commands_ contain one or many [steps](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#steps), which contain the logic of the orb. Commands generally execute some shell code (bash). _Jobs_ are a definition of what steps/commands to run and within what [executor](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/reusing-config/#executors) to run them. _Commands_ are invoked at the job level. _Jobs_ are invoked at the _[Workflow](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/workflows/#workflows-configuration-examples)_ level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Answer:** Both [commands]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/reusing-config/#the-commands-key) and [jobs]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/reusing-config/#authoring-parameterized-jobs) are elements that can be used within orbs. _Commands_ contain one or many [steps]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference/#steps), which contain the logic of the orb. Commands generally execute some shell code (bash). _Jobs_ are a definition of what steps/commands to run and within what [executor]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/reusing-config/#executors) to run them. _Commands_ are invoked at the job level. _Jobs_ are invoked at the _[Workflow]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/workflows/#workflows-configuration-examples)_ level.
```

## Report an issue with an orb

* **Question:** How can I report a bug or issue with an orb?

* **Answer:** All orbs are open source projects. Issues, bug reports, or even pull requests can be made against the orb's git repository. Orb authors may opt to include a link to the git repo on the Orb Registry.

  If the git repo link is unavailable, contact support and we will attempt to contact the author. Alternatively, consider forking the orb and publishing your own version.

## Using uncertified orbs

* **Question:** Why do I receive an error message when trying to use an uncertified orb?

* **Answer:** To enable usage of _uncertified_ orbs, go to your organization's settings page, and click the _Security_ tab. Then, click yes to enable _Allow Uncertified Orbs_.

**Note:** _Uncertified orbs are not tested or verified by CircleCI._

## How to use the latest version of an orb

* **Question:** How do import an orb always at the latest version?

> * **Answer:** Orbs utilize [semantic versioning](), meaning if you set the _major_ version (example: `3`), you will receive all _minor_ and _patch_ updates, where if you statically set the version (example: `3.0.0`), no updates will apply, this is the most deterministic and recommended method.

Reviewer: Do we want to link here again like in the intro? https://semver.org/

Author: Oops. Likely yes, but I was actually going to also bring up, what we want to do with the orb concepts page, which also goes over semver.

Author: Rather than linking to semver.org, lets link to the orb concepts page. Pushing that soon. Lets merge everything then, and there will be some links that will need to be updated. Ill do another pass then before moving on to more content

Reviewer: 🎉

_**Note:** NOT RECOMMENDED - It is possible to use `@volatile` to receive the last published version of an orb. This is not recommended as breaking changes are expected._

## Build error when testing locally

* **Question:** Why do I get the following error when testing locally:

```

> circleci build -c .circleci/jobs.yml --job test

Reviewer: Maybe have this line and the error below as one code block/
